kanban view: Fix displaying chosen format from datetime fields (#24840)
directus/directus: .changeset/chilly-bats-go.md

---
'@directus/app': minor
---

> Ensure the configured display format is applied into the kanban layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensured the configured display format is applied to the kanban layout
```
